Madalad

medium

# Chainlink oracle data feed becoming blocked severely affects protocol's usability

## Summary
Access to ChainLink price feeds may be blocked at any point in time, which would cause the functions `getPrice` and `getEthPrice` from `GLPOracle` to always revert, resulting in a denial of service.

## Vulnerability Detail
Currently, `GLPOracle` uses oracle data from ChainLink's ETH USDC price feed. As mentioned [here](https://blog.openzeppelin.com/secure-smart-contract-guidelines-the-dangers-of-price-oracles/), it is possible that ChainLink's "multisigs can immediately block access to price feeds at will". It is worth noting that this is not certain addresses being added to a blacklist, but rather the entire price feed becoming unusable by anyone. When this occurs, the call to `ethUsdPriceFeed.latestRoundData()` within `getEthPrice` will always cause a revert, meaning that `getPrice` will also guarantee a revert. This causes a denial of service and renders the oracle completely unusable, as well as any other external methods that rely on it, which may include borrowing and lending.

## Impact
If `GLPOracle` is being used within the lending and borrowing processes, then denial of service in this manner may lead to users being unable to lend, borrow, repay or liquidate positions. In this case funds would essentially become frozen, and depending on the specific implementation, may even be permanently lost.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sentimentxyz/oracle/blob/rage-jr/src/gmx/GLPOracle.sol#L48-L49
```solidity
function getEthPrice() internal view returns (uint) {
    (, int answer,, uint updatedAt,) =
        ethUsdPriceFeed.latestRoundData();

    if (block.timestamp - updatedAt >= 86400)
        revert Errors.StalePrice(address(0), address(ethUsdPriceFeed));

    if (answer <= 0)
        revert Errors.NegativePrice(address(0), address(ethUsdPriceFeed));

    return uint(answer);
}
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
As described in the article linked above: "to prevent denial of service scenarios, it is recommended to query ChainLink price feeds using a defensive approach with Solidity’s try/catch structure. In this way, if the call to the price feed fails, the caller contract is still in control and can handle any errors safely and explicitly".
```solidity
function getEthPrice() internal view returns (uint) {
    try ethUsdPriceFeed.latestRoundData() returns (
        uint80,
        int answer,
        uint256,
        uint256 updatedAt,
        uint80
    ) {
        if (block.timestamp - updatedAt >= 86400)
            revert Errors.StalePrice(address(0), address(ethUsdPriceFeed));

        if (answer <= 0)
            revert Errors.NegativePrice(address(0), address(ethUsdPriceFeed));

        return uint(answer);
    } catch Error(string memory) {
        // handle error
    }
}
```