DecorativePineapple

medium

# The `PLVGLPOracle:getPrice()` function is vulnerable to price manipulation as it depended on the `previewRedeem` function

## Summary
It has been identified that the `PLVGLPOracle:getPrice()` function is vulnerable to price manipulation as it uses the ERC4626 `previewRedeem` function to calculate the asset price.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `getPrice()` function within the `PLVGLPOracle` contract is vulnerable to price manipulation because the price can be increased or decreased within a single transaction/block, in the same block that the `getPrice()` function is called.

The [`previewRedeem` function](https://github.com/transmissions11/solmate/blob/564e9f1606c699296420500547c47685818bcccf/src/mixins/ERC4626.sol#L152) is calculated as:
```solidity
function previewRedeem(uint256 shares) public view virtual returns (uint256) {
        return convertToAssets(shares);
}
```
The `convertToAssets` function:
```solidity
    function convertToAssets(uint256 shares) public view virtual returns (uint256) {
        uint256 supply = totalSupply; 

        return supply == 0 ? shares : shares.mulDivDown(totalAssets(), supply);
    }
```

As the `convertToAssets` is calculated by multiplying the `shares` with the `totalAssets()` and then dividing with the `totalSupply` while rounding down, it can be increased or decreased within a single block/transaction by calling the vault's deposit, mint, withdraw or redeem functions. This allows the attacker to artificially inflate or deflate the price within a single block/transaction.

## Impact
The attacker could manipulate the price of the vault in order to make the value of an asset to be much higher or much lower than the true value of the asset. This leads to the manipulation of the `getPrice()` function.

## Code Snippet
The `getPrice()` function:
```solidity
/// @inheritdoc IOracle
    function getPrice(address) external view returns (uint) {
        (,, uint assets) = vault.previewRedeem(address(0), 1e18);
        return assets.mulWadDown(
            oracleFacade.getPrice(sGLP)
        );
    }
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
It is recommended to avoid using the `previewRedeem` function to calculate the price of the asset. You could implement a TWAP, so the price cannot be inflated/deflated within a single transaction.
