Bahurum

low

# Tokens not owned by an account can be added as an asset to the account

## Summary
In the controllers `RewardRouterController`, `RewardRouterV2Controller` and `DNGMXVaultController` the function `canCall` can return in `tokenIn` a token address that has actually not been received by the account. If the account did not have the token before, than the token is added to the asset list of the account even if the account does not hold the token at all.

## Vulnerability Detail

- in `RewardRouterController`: in `canCallCompound()`, `WETH` is added to `tokensIn` but no tokens are sent to the account as a result of the call to the Reward Router's function `compound()`
- in `RewardRouterV2Controller`: in `canCallRedeem()` the token redeemed is added to `tokensIn`, but the router's function `unstakeAndRedeemGlp()` allows to send the tokens to a 3rd party receiver instead of the caller. In such a case, nop tokens are sent to the account.
- in `DNGMXVaultController`: in `canWithdraw()` the token redeemed is added to `tokensIn`, but the DN GMX vault's functions `redeemToken()` and `withdrawToken()` allow to send the tokens to a 3rd party receiver instead of the caller. In such a case, nop tokens are sent to the account.

## Impact
There can be tokens in the list of assets of an account that the account doesn't actually hold. Note that this does not pose any issues for the calculation of collateral.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-sentiment/blob/main/controller-55/src/gmx/RewardRouterController.sol#L67

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-sentiment/blob/main/controller-55/src/gmx/RewardRouterV2Controller.sol#L88

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-sentiment/blob/main/controller-55/src/gmx/RewardRouterV2Controller.sol#L88

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
No particular reccommendation.